You will be marked according to the following criteria (the earlier criteria are the same . Is the report clearly written and presented? . Are the diagrams and images appropriate and clear? . Does the report display knowledge of the area of study, previous work and academic literature? . Does the report critically evaluate the previous work and/or academic literature? . Does the report use proper citation? . Is the design of the project clear and of high quality? . Is the project concept justified based on the domain and users? . Is the final implementation of high quality? . Is the final implementation technically challenging? . Is the evaluation strategy appropriate to the aims of the project? . Does the evaluation display good coverage of appropriate issues? . Are the results of the evaluation presented well? . Are the evaluation results used to critically analyse the project with respect to the objectives of the project? . Does the project display evidence of originality? Detailed rubric breakdown for written report Is the report clearly written and presented? 0 points No 2 points No, but... there is some attempt to describe the project but it is very hard to understand 6 points Yes, but... the project is mostly clear, but some areas are hard to understand, or miss important information 7 points Yes, the project is presented clearly and in appropriate language 10 points Yes, and... a very professional level of language to academic or industry standards 0 points No, there are no diagrams 2 points No, but... there are some images, but they don¡¯t really relate to the text in any way. 5 points Yes, but... there is use of visual materials but they are of poor quality or poorly linked to the text 7 points Yes, good quality visual that compliment the text and communicate important information 10 points Yes, and... a very professional level of visual materials to academic or industry standards Does the report display knowledge of the area of study, previous work and academic literature? 0 points No 4 points No, but... there are some attempts to refer to other work 6 points Yes, but... the report some discussion of the area and a few bits of previous work, but the discussion might be limited, confused or only partially correct 8 points Yes, the report gives an overview of the area and well written discussion of at least 4-6 pieces of previous work, based primarily on a good reading of the suggested work from the template 10 points Yes, and... the report gives and detailed and insightful analysis of the area of study with a detailed description of very well chosen examples of previous work that goes considerably beyond what was suggested in the template Does the report critically evaluate the previous work and/or academic literature? 0 points No 2 points Yes, but... the report makes some attempts at evaluating previous work 4 points Yes, the report situates the project in a critical analysis of previous work 6 points Yes, and... the report gives and detailed and insightful analysis of the area of study with a detailed description of very well chosen examples of previous work that goes considerably beyond what was suggested in the template 0 points No 2 points Yes, but... the report presents some previous work without proper citations (e.g. no citations or just links or incorrect style) 4 points Yes, all work mentioned in the report is cited in correct ACM style Is the design of the project clear and of high quality? 0 points No 2 points No, but... the design is hard to follow and very incomplete, but there are some attempts to present a design 4 points A design corresponding to the ¡°acceptable¡± level of project described in the template but not described in a clear or complete way, or with several flaws 5 points A clearly described design that corresponds the ¡°acceptable¡± level of project described in the template 6 points A design corresponding to the ¡°good¡± or ¡°excellent¡± level of project described in the template but not described in a clear or complete way, or with several flaws 8 points A clearly described design (including suitable visual communication) corresponding to the ¡°good¡± level of project described in the template 10 points A design corresponding to an ¡°excellent¡± project but with elements lacking or a few flaws 12 points A very clear and coherent design, described well in both visuals and writing that corresponds to the ¡°excellent¡± level of project described in the template Is the project concept justified based on the domain and users? 0 points No 2 points No, but... there are some attempts to justify the concept, but without evidence 4 points Yes, but... the project concept includes some reference to the domain and users but without a full analysis of requirements 6 points Yes, the project concept is based on a clear and evidenced argument for the requirements of users and/or the domain 8 points Yes, and... a project concept that is strongly based on a detailed, insightful and innovative analysis of the users and/or domain 0 points No, there is no implementation described 6 points No, but, there is no working prototype, but there is some attempt at making one 12 points Yes, but... there is a working prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°acceptable¡± level of project described in the template 15 points Yes, but... there is a prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°good¡± or ¡°excellent¡± level of project described in the template, but it has many bugs and flaws 18 points Yes, there is a working prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°good¡± level of project described in the template 22 points Yes, and... there is a working prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°excellent¡± level of project described in the template Is the implementation that is described technically chal.lenging? 0 points No, the prototype is OK but fairly standard 3pointsYes,but... Thisprototypeincludessomeofthemoredifficulttechniques or algorithms taught in this degree 6 points Yes, This prototype includes some very difficult techniques or algorithms that go beyond what is taught in this degree (closer to masters or professional level) 8 points Yes, and... this prototype is extremely advanced, either being close to cutting edge research (advanced masters or PhD), or very advanced/cutting edge professional work Is the evaluation strategy appropriate to the aims of the project? 0 points No, there is no evaluation strategy 2 points No, but... there is some attempt at an evaluation plan, but it is very confused or not explained in any detail 3 points Yes, but... the strategy is simply a restatement of the suggested approach from the template 4 points Yes, but... The strategy does not engage with the suggestions of the template or is otherwise not appropriate 5 points Yes, it is a well thought out strategy that builds on that proposed in the template Does the evaluation display good coverage of appropriate issues? 0 points No, there is no real evaluation 2 points No, but... the evaluation does cover some important issues but misses many others 3 points Yes, but... there are some important areas that the evaluation misses 4 points Yes, the evaluation covers the major important areas of the project 5 points Yes, and... the evaluation is very detailed and covers a number of subtle issues Are the results of the evaluation presented well? 0 points No, there is no evaluation presented 2 points No, but... there is some attempt to describe the evaluation but it is very hard to understand 3 points Yes, but... the write up of the evaluation is hard to read, omits important information or contains errors 4 points Yes, the results are clearly presented in a way that is easy to follow for computer scientist 5 points Yes, and... the report is of a very professional standard, either of academic or industry research Are the evaluation results used to critically analyse the project with respect to the objectives of the project? 0 points No 1 points Yes, but... the project presents some analysis but it is simplistic (e.g. just using results to say how good the project it) and/or does not address the objectives of the project 2 points Yes, a balanced, evidenced analysis of the good and bad aspects of the project relative to the original objectives 4 points Yes, and... a critical, evidence driven analysis that goes beyond the pros and cons of the project to make potentially generalisable conclusions 0 points No, this is a fairly standard undergraduate project 5 points Yes, but... this type of project is novel or original in comparison with the large majority of undergraduate projects 8 points Yes, an original piece of work that goes considerably beyond undergrad.uate level and is closer to what would be expected at masters level or at the level of a valuable new product development 10 points Yes, and... a level of original research or innovative that is would normally be expected at PhD level, or a highly innovative commercial product Detailed rubric breakdown for video submission Is the final product of high quality? 0 points No, there is no demo 2 points No, but, there is no working prototype, but there is some attempt at making one 3 points Yes, but... there is a working prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°acceptable¡± level of project described in the template 5 points Yes, but... there is a prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°good¡± or ¡°excellent¡± level of project described in the template, but it has many bugs and flaws 6 points Yes, there is a working prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°good¡± level of project described in the template 7 points Yes, and... there is a working prototype that would correspond to part of a project at the ¡°excellent¡± level of project described in the template Is the implementation that is described technically chal.lenging? 0 points No, the prototype is OK but fairly standard 1pointsYes,but... Thisprototypeincludessomeofthemoredifficulttechniques or algorithms taught in this degree 2 points Yes, This prototype includes some very difficult techniques or algorithms that go beyond what is taught in this degree (closer to masters or professional level) 3 points Yes, and... this prototype is extremely advanced, either being close to cutting edge research (advanced masters or PhD), or very advanced/cutting edge professional work 