Final Project CW2 — Project Report Clarification: length limits There are length limits on this submission. You have seen the limits in terms of pages; however you may choose to use word limits instead of page limits, as specified below. A big advantage of word limits is that using this approach makes the practice of including your figures and diagrams in appropriate and relevant places in the report much easier. You should constrain your report using either the page limits or the word limits. You may not use a combination of page and word limits. In either case, please state a word or page count at the end of each section, and an overall page or word count. If you are using the page count approach, your page count declarations do not need to include the diagrams or figures in the count. Page limits Introduction: 2 pages Literature review: 5 pages Design: 4 pages Implementation: 3 pages Evaluation: 3 pages Conclusion: 2 pages Word limits Introduction: 1000 words Literature review: 2500 words Design: 2000 words Implementation: 2000 words Evaluation: 1500 words Conclusion: 1000 words Total word max: 9500 (NOTE that if you add up all of the above, this comes to more than 9500 words. 9500 words is a strict limit, and each of the section limits are strict, but this approach allows you to exercise some flexibility in the spread of your writing across the different sections, to suit your particular project). In addition ... Images, cover page, and references are not included in the word count. You must include a link to your code repository, which will be publicly viewable. You can return to the previous peer reviews for instructions on the first four parts of this submission. As well as the report you must submit a 2-5 minute video demonstrating your project working. This should show all the important features of the project and explain a little of how they work. A submission that is missing the video will be seen as incomplete. 